Update WW2 legal docs (#8361)
zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi: WalletWasabi/Legal/Assets/LegalDocumentsWw2.txt

    The CoinJoin Coordinator Service is an online service that implements trustless CoinJoin to prevent third parties from spying on the Blockchain. Throughout the process, the Service does not initiate or process any standalone transactions whatsoever towards third parties (i.e. non-users of the Service) and therefore does not store or transmit value belonging to others. For further information on how it works please visit our GitHub page: https://github.com/zkSNACKs. You acknowledge that the CoinJoin Service runs in the background by default, while using the Client Application. To avoid fees, you may turn automatic CoinJoin Services off in the settings of the Client Application.
	The UTXO is an unspent transaction output, the technical term for the amount of digital currency that remains after a cryptocurrency transaction. 

> 	The One Hop transaction is when there is one non coinjoined transaction in between two coinjoined transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	The One Hop transaction is when there is one non coinjoined transaction spending only coinjoined outputs.
```

2.2 FEES
    Subject to the other provisions of these Terms, including, but not limited to Section 3 on Prohibited Activities, You may freely download and use the Client Application without any charge or fee imposed on You by the Service Provider.
    The Service Provider does not charge You transaction fees for normal Bitcoin transactions, however You are still subject to transaction fees, charged by the Bitcoin network.

>     Both the Service Provider and the Bitcoin network charge You transaction fees for CoinJoin Bitcoin transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Both the Service Provider and the Bitcoin miner charge You transaction fees for coinjoin Bitcoin transactions.
```

Reviewer 2: If this suggestion is accepted it should be also changed in the LegalDocumentsWw1.

Reviewer 2: @MaxHillebrand FTR I have modified the word `CoinJoin` in your suggestion, because it is written like that in the whole document.

Reviewer: Thanks.

Probably not needed to change 1.0 doc, but to "fix" it in the new doc seems alright.

    The CoinJoin fee, charged by the Service Provider is 0.3% per new UTXO, except if:
     -The transaction comes directly from a previous Wasabi Wallet 1.x CoinJoin output..

>      -The transaction defines as a One Hop transaction.

Reviewer 2: I guess here we have to specify that we are talking about Wasabi coinjoin transactions, otherwise one can use any other service to coinjoin and then tries to remix with Wasabi.

Also we didn't mention the free remixes from a WW2 coinjoin transaction.

>     BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 1.1 YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT OUR COORDINATOR AUTOMATICALLY DEDUCTS THE TRANSACTION FEES FROM THE TRANSACTION YOU SUBMITTED FOR THE SERVICES IN LINE WITH THE PREVIOUS PARAGRAPHS. YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WHILE COINJOINING THE COORDINATOR AUTOMATICALLY SELECTS THE COINS WHICH WILL PARTICIPATE IN THE COINJOIN TRANSACTION.

Reviewer 2: > YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WHILE COINJOINING THE COORDINATOR AUTOMATICALLY SELECTS THE COINS WHICH WILL PARTICIPATE IN THE COINJOIN TRANSACTION.

Should we mention that this is the case only if auto-coinjoin is on?

>     BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 1.1 YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT OUR COORDINATOR AUTOMATICALLY DEDUCTS THE TRANSACTION FEES FROM THE TRANSACTION YOU SUBMITTED FOR THE SERVICES IN LINE WITH THE PREVIOUS PARAGRAPHS. YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WHILE COINJOINING THE COORDINATOR AUTOMATICALLY SELECTS THE COINS WHICH WILL PARTICIPATE IN THE COINJOIN TRANSACTION.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 1.1 YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT OUR COORDINATOR AUTOMATICALLY DEDUCTS THE TRANSACTION FEES FROM THE TRANSACTION YOU SUBMITTED FOR THE SERVICES IN LINE WITH THE PREVIOUS PARAGRAPHS. YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WHILE COINJOINING THE WASABI CLIENT AUTOMATICALLY SELECTS THE COINS WHICH WILL PARTICIPATE IN THE COINJOIN TRANSACTION.
```

     - transactions that show the personal information of third parties in violation of applicable law;
     - transactions that support pyramid, Ponzi, or other "get rich quick" schemes;
     - provide credit repair or debt settlement services;
     - explicit sexual content;
     - money laundering or any support thereof.

    You agree that You will not engage in any of the following activities via the Services, nor will You help or facilitate a third party to engage in any such activity:
     - attempt to gain unauthorized access to our Coordinator;
     - make any attempt to bypass or circumvent any security features;
     - violate any law, statute, ordinance, regulation or court order;
     - engage in any activity that is abusive or interferes with or disrupts our Services.

    If You find any reason to violate the law during Your transaction (for example, in a transaction with a third party), please let us know at one of the contacts listed at the end of this document.
    The Service Provider shall assist the investigation in any case, if so instructed by an authorized body, a final court judgment or a final regulatory decision.

> Coin Filtering 
> 
> Wasabi may execute illicit activity checking and control via a contracted third party solely in its CoinJoin Coordination Services. Wasabi may suspend your UTXOs’ access to the CoinJoin Services, with immediate effect for any reason - including but not limited to Illicit or Prohibited Activities, applicable sanctions programs, or any crime or money-laundering activity - at its sole discretion and is under no obligation to disclose the details of its decision to take such action with you. In this case you are not permitted to use the relevant/high-risk Bitcoin UTXO to reach the CoinJoin Services. 
> You acknowledge that Wasabi's decision to take certain actions, including suspending for any reason at our sole discretion, may be based on confidential criteria that are essential to Wasabi's risk management and security protocols. You agree that Wasabi is under no obligation to disclose the details of its risk management and security procedures to you.
> Your access with the relevant Bitcoin UTXOs to the CoinJoin Services will be permanently suspended.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    COIN FILTERING

    Wasabi may execute illicit activity checking and control via a contracted third party solely in its CoinJoin Coordination Services. Wasabi may suspend your UTXOs’ access to the CoinJoin Services, with immediate effect for any reason - including but not limited to Illicit or Prohibited Activities, applicable sanctions programs, or any crime or money-laundering activity - at its sole discretion and is under no obligation to disclose the details of its decision to take such action with you. In this case you are not permitted to use the relevant/high-risk Bitcoin UTXO to reach the CoinJoin Services.
    You acknowledge that Wasabi's decision to take certain actions, including suspending for any reason at our sole discretion, may be based on confidential criteria that are essential to Wasabi's risk management and security protocols. You agree that Wasabi is under no obligation to disclose the details of its risk management and security procedures to you.
    Your access with the relevant Bitcoin UTXOs to the CoinJoin Services will be permanently suspended.
```

Why are we here taking about `Wasabi` and not `zkSNACKs Ltd`, like in #8192

4 INDEMNIFICATION
=================

    You agree to indemnify, defend and hold us, harmless against any and all claims, costs, losses, damages, liabilities, judgments and expenses (including reasonable fees of attorneys and other professionals) arising from or in any way related to Your use of our Services, Your violation of these Terms, or Your violation of any rights of any other person or entity.
    In the event of such an occurrence, it is Your responsibility to notify the Service Provider immediately after the occurrence of the incident so that we can take the necessary measures to prevent and remedy the damage.

> YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE SERVICE PROVIDER DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE ANONYMITY SET LEVEL IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCES. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE SERVICE PROVIDER DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE ANONYMITY SET LEVEL IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCES. 
```

    You and the Service Provider further agree:
     - to attempt informal resolution prior to any demand for arbitration;
     - that the seat or legal place of any arbitration will be Republic of Seychelles;
     - that arbitration will be conducted confidentially by a single arbitrator appointed by law of Republic of Seychelles;
     - the arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the rules of International Chamber of Commerce; and
     - that the arbitration in Republic of Seychelles will have exclusive jurisdiction over any appeals of an arbitration award.

>    Other than class procedures and remedies discussed below, the arbitrator has the authority to grant any remedy that would otherwise be available in court.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Other than class procedures and remedies discussed below, the arbitrator has the authority to grant any remedy that would otherwise be available in court.
```

    For the social media sites’ Privacy Policy please visit their own websites and research their corresponding policies.

Changes to this policy
======================

    We may amend this policy at any time by posting a revised version on our website. The revised version will be effective at the time we post it. In addition, if the revised version includes any substantial changes to the manner in which Your personal information will be processed, we will provide You with 30 days prior notice by posting notification of the change on the “Privacy Policy” area of our website.

Contact details regarding this declaration
==========================================

    In case You have any questions concerning zkSNACKs’ Privacy Policy or if You would like to exercise Your right of information, rectification or deletion, please send us a written request outlining Your desire to: legal@zksnacks.com.
    Other contact details for the data controller are at the end of this document.

=========================================
III. LEGAL STATEMENT OF WASABI WALLET
=========================================

>     zkSNACKs Ltd., the creator of Wasabi Wallet and owner of the brand only supports behaviour that is legally acceptable by Republic of Seychelles  and international legal standards, and strictly rejects all kinds of illegal activities.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    zkSNACKs Ltd., the creator of Wasabi Wallet and owner of the brand only supports behaviour that is legally acceptable by Republic of Seychelles and international legal standards, and strictly rejects all kinds of illegal activities.
```
